hi my name is Andrew Samara and today
I'm here to introduce you to a new
product that is been launched by
darkness in actual practice and oil and
it's called oil oil which is very good
for all type of hair especially for
drive hair and curly hair I mean there
is not really a type of hair that this
oil would not fit in so this product
also guarantees you nourishment for the
hair softness and also adds shine to the
hair it's cute about this world also is
that is it's a very good detangler so if
you apply this product from length to
ends when you blow dry you'll notice
that the hair and the brush will run
through much much smoother and easier
one of about the ferry also is that in
this on the wrist move oil which is an
oil which is a strike from the seeds of
fruit that we find in the Amazon then
you use this to protect themselves from
the Sun is Co anti-aging antioxidant and
also it's called beta carotene which is
what we boil is all about really
after we taking the clips out we're now
going to finish the hair with a little
bit of the oil okay so we just apply a
little bit to the hands like this and if
you need more you can fit more just put
a little bit at the time anyways very
light so it's not going to wear the hair
down just apply it into the hair like
this and then we're going to brush the
hair with the brush and brush it into
the head and you can see it's like an
instant shine going through this really
beautiful and very very shiny
so this is really the finished result is
quite still bit natural it's not to blow
dry but I think it's really nice and we
have really achieved what we want the
hair it's very light you think they
don't feel that they have any products
and also the fact that I've used soy oil
just a few drops at the end is made it
also a difference because it creates a
really nice separation in the hair and
the hair looks a little bit more only so
that's what we like
so after shampoo and conditioning the
hair but we're done here we just towel
dry the hair so we're going to take most
of the water out and then we're going to
apply the new product which is the oil
I think you should put start with the
little and then add more if you need it
you can feel the amount and how much you
need to put you know depending on the
hair if you have thick hair if you have
long hair or if you have short hair you
know it's better to put a little bit at
the time don't overload the hair so in
this case what we do is real important
after you apply the oil we're just going
to brush with the any brush doesn't
matter what brushes it to begin with and
then we're going to go through with the
comb which i think is a very good and
very important to use a comb because it
will basically help you to mistreat the
products in the hair then after this
we're going to go to three diffusing the
hair in a natural way
and here what you can see we have
basically on towel dried hair we start
putting the oil in we have diffused the
hair with the diffuser and also now what
we're gonna do we're going to put a
little bit more just to finish it off
just a little bit more so this shows you
that you can use this oil before and
also after and you can see the areas
where the hair is a bit more thirsty and
with this we just go there and you can
just rehydrate them from so and it
really needs the care of the spring you
know he doesn't make the hair heavy and
it doesn't really weigh the hair
you